W-12043308-Add-expand-feature-CP (#103)
mulesoft/docs-apikit: modules/ROOT/pages/apikit-odatav4-extension-reference.adoc

[[Config]]
=== Config

Default configuration

==== Parameters

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required

> |Name | String | The name for this configuration. Connectors reference the configuration with this name. | | *x*

Reviewer: These descriptions are similar to those in the connector docs. We have improved the wording of some of them and the improvements have been accepted by the developers. I can give you the improved descriptions but don't know if you want deal with this now,

Author: As this is not urgent, I have created ticket W-12082195 to record this improvement.
Thanks!

| Api Definition a| String |  API definition |  | *x*
| Name a| String |  The identifier of this element used to reference it in other components |  | *x*
|===

==== Associated Operations
* <<Route>> 
* <<SerializeEntity>> 
* <<SerializeEntityCollection>> 
* <<TransformToSqlSelect>> 

==== Associated Sources
* <<RequestEntityCollectionListener>> 
* <<RequestEntityListener>> 

== Operations

[[Route]]
== Route
`<apikit-odata:route>`

=== Parameters

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | *x*
| Content a| Any |  |  #[payload] | 

> | Output Mime Type a| String |  The mime type of the payload that this operation outputs. |  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Output Mime Type a| String |  The MIME type of the payload that this operation outputs. |  | 
```

Reviewer: Global in descriptions - mime type > MIME type

Author: OK! Thanks!

=== For Configurations

* <<Config>> 

=== Throws

* APIKIT-ODATA:DESERIALIZATION 
* APIKIT-ODATA:INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR 
* APIKIT-ODATA:MALFORMED_SEARCH 
* APIKIT-ODATA:MALFORMED_URI 
* APIKIT-ODATA:NOT_FOUND 
* APIKIT-ODATA:NOT_IMPLEMENTED 
* APIKIT-ODATA:SERIALIZATION 

> * APIKIT-ODATA:TRANSFORMATION 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* APIKIT-ODATA:TRANSFORMATION 
* APIKIT-ODATA:EXPANSION
```

I'm really really sorry for this dumb mistake. The new error goes here, not on the source (as said on the documentation: you can't catch expansion errors on the source where they happen).

Author: No problem!
Thanks for fixing it!

|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | *x*{nbsp}

> | Entity Set Name a| String | The table name in the database for the requested entity set |  | *x*{nbsp}

Reviewer: Global: We try to remove occurrences of {nbsp} to make the text easier to maintain. We deal with this in the connector docs.

Author: OK! Let's talk about this in our meeting. Thanks!

Author: We can remove them safely.

> | Database Schema | String | The name of the database schema to which the entity set belongs. If not empty, it will be prefixed to the table name in the WHERE clause. |  | {nbsp}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Database Schema | String | The name of the database schema to which the entity set belongs. If not empty, it is prefixed to the table name in the WHERE clause. |  | {nbsp}
```

=== For Configurations

* <<Config>> 

=== Throws

* APIKIT-ODATA:INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR 
* APIKIT-ODATA:MALFORMED_SEARCH 
* APIKIT-ODATA:MALFORMED_URI 
* APIKIT-ODATA:NOT_IMPLEMENTED 

> * APIKIT-ODATA:TRANSFORMATION 

Reviewer 2: Ping @JuanAller @dcourtil (don't remember who worked on that) do we have a new error type for errors during expansion?

Author: Awaiting for devs answer. Thanks!

Reviewer 2: We have to add `APIKIT-ODATA:EXPANSION`.

Author: Added! Thanks!

> * APIKIT-ODATA:EXPANSION

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Sorry for mistakenly saying that you should add an error here. I commented on the docs for the wrong operation!

** DELETE |  HTTP Method |  | *x*{nbsp}
| Path a| String |  Path to Entity Type |  | *x*{nbsp}
| Collection Success Response a| One of:
| Supported System Query Options - `$expand` a| Boolean |  Wether to enable support for `$expand` or not. |  `true` | {nbsp}

> | Ignore errors on expansion enabled a| Boolean |  Disallows errors from flows called by generic expansion to be propagated to this flow. When `true` failed expansions will render as `null`. |  `false` | {nbsp}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Ignore errors on expansion enabled a| Boolean |  Disallows errors from flows called by generic expansion to be propagated to this flow. When `true`, failed expansions render as `null`. |  `false` | {nbsp}
```

Author: "are render" X Render OK

> | Expandable navigation properties | List<String> | List of types enabled to be generically expanded from this flow. | `[]` | {nbsp}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Expandable navigation properties | List<String> | List of types that can be generically expanded from this flow. | `[]` | {nbsp}
```

| Output Encoding a| String |  The encoding of the payload that this operation outputs. |  | 
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  The name of the configuration to be used to execute this component |  | *x*
| Primary Node Only a| Boolean |  Whether this source should only be executed on the primary node when running in Cluster |  | 
| Streaming Strategy a| * <<RepeatableInMemoryStream>>
* <<RepeatableFileStoreStream>>
* non-repeatable-stream |  Configure if repeatable streams should be used and their behaviour |  | 
| Redelivery Policy a| <<RedeliveryPolicy>> |  Defines a policy for processing the redelivery of the same message |  | 
| Method a| Enumeration, one of:

** GET
** POST
** PUT
** PATCH
** DELETE |  HTTP Method |  | *x*
| Path a| String |  Path to Entity Type |  | *x*
| Supported System Query Options - `$expand` a| Boolean |  Wether to enable support for `$expand` or not. |  `true` | 
| Ignore errors on expansion enabled a| Boolean |  Disallows errors from flows called by generic expansion to be propagated to this flow. When `true`, failed expansions render as `null`. |  `false` | 

> | Expandable navigation properties | List<String> | List of types that can generically expanded from this flow. | `[]` | 

Reviewer 2: can be

Author: Great catch! Thanks!

** PATCH
** DELETE |  HTTP Method |  | *x*{nbsp}
| Path a| String |  Path to Entity Type |  | *x*{nbsp}
| Supported System Query Options - `$expand` a| Boolean |  Wether to enable support for `$expand` or not. |  `true` | {nbsp}

> | Ignore errors on expansion enabled a| Boolean |  Disallows errors from flows called by generic expansion to be propagated to this flow. When `true` failed expansions will render as `null`. |  `false` | {nbsp}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Ignore errors on expansion enabled a| Boolean |  Disallows errors from flows called by generic expansion to be propagated to this flow. When `true`, failed expansions render as `null`. |  `false` | {nbsp}
```

> | Expandable navigation properties | List<String> | List of types enabled to be generically expanded from this flow. | `[]` | {nbsp}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Expandable navigation properties | List<String> | List of types that can generically expanded from this flow. | `[]` | {nbsp}
```
